AWS Database TYPE monitoring By Datadog Tool

Currently, Datadog supports only MySql, PostgreSQL, & SqlServer

### Today we learn of AWS Postgres SQL in Datadog monitoring 

First we need to setup the APM monitoring in Datadog

1.Create a postgres instance DB in AWS and kept ready.
2.Go to datadog console, select integrations, AWS integrations by IAM role with account(doc for ref)
3.create IAM role with std given datadog policy.
4.For creating role, select IAM, roles and select AWS Account , another aws account (given dd aws account in doc) and external ID same ref in doc.
5.Attach that created policy to role.
6.Give AWS acc id and acc role in Datadog AWS integration console side to finish integration.
7.In AWS integration after integrated, select resource collection (std collection).


Database integration steps in Datadog.

1.Select monitoring, db monitoring, select postgres + AWS RDS.2. 
2.IN database AWS select parameter group and set parameter groups to given value in doc.
3. In you chnage the parameter values, be sure to restart the DB.
4. Next we are launching this RDS in EC2 instance for install DD agent so.
5. launch Amazon linux2 instance, launch it by using puttygen.
6. Launch agent in going to datadog select agents, select amazon linux 2 and run the command in ec2.
7. run the command "sudo systemctl start datadog agent".
8. for checking status "sudo systemctl status datadog agent", shld see dd agent running.
9. install postgres in linux ec2, run sudo apt-get install postgressql15.
10. check the ec2 security group, outbound shld have postgres port open.
11. Run command for connecting your postgres in ec2 "psql -h <DB endpoint pasterhere> --port 5432 -U postgres (run this in ec2).
12. Run commands which has in postgres datadog commands >- 10.0 version of Db
13. for next after 2 commands psql -h one add endpoint of DB modify in command and execute.
14. it wll ask datadog password which we given in first command in creating user.
15. next configuring agent run cd/etc/datadog-agent/ (you wll see postgres.d) when after execution this.
16. next run cd postgres.d/, after run ls, you see conf.yaml.example
17. open that file by running "sudo vim conf.yaml", add the host command in dd doc and paste here.
18. download ssh pem file direct from net search it wll show aws side which region of ec2 that reg to download .pem
19. To run that sudo apt-get <awspemlink> enter, then do ls it wll show pem file
20. again open file "sudo vim conf.yaml", run last command init_config that dd file show.DB indentifier as our DB AWS name, host DB endpoint.
21. sudo systemctl restart datadog-agent.
check in datadog console, APM >> Database monitoring





